---
id: cpjj-cpjs
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Overview

Datafor visualization and analysis launched by Shanghai Datafor Company. It provides a rich variety of data visualization elements, powerful personalized settings, and user-friendly interactive design, which can help users to explore multi-dimensional analysis of data, create exquisite data analysis reports and data visualization pages, and share data value with partners and customers.

## Application Scenario

Datafor has a wide range of applications, and it can be used in any field that requires analyzing and visualizing large amounts of data to discover value and insights, optimize business processes, improve efficiency, and create greater value.

- Data analysis and reporting: Datafor can help users easily connect, organize, and visualize data, quickly generating various types of data reports and analysis results. Users can customize report content and format to meet different data visualization and analysis needs in different scenarios.
- Business intelligence and decision support: Datafor can help enterprises and organizations establish powerful data analysis and decision support systems. It provides powerful self-service data visualization and analysis tools, helping users quickly obtain, understand, and analyze complex business data, making more accurate and wise decisions.
- Data mining and prediction: Datafor can help users conduct data mining and predictive analysis, discovering hidden patterns and trends behind the data. Users can use Datafor's machine learning and prediction models to analyze historical data and predict future trends to support strategic decision-making and planning for the enterprise.
- Industry research and market analysis: Datafor can help industry researchers and market analysts easily obtain, process, and analyze market data. Users can use Datafor's data visualization and analysis tools to better understand market trends and competitive situations, making better market decisions.

## Features

### Advanced architecture
Datafor's technical architecture features completeness, high scalability, modularity, microservices, and extensibility, which can meet the needs of different enterprises and support users to customize and extend system functions flexibly.
- Completeness: It has centralized resource repository (cluster deployment), audit components, query engine, encryption pipeline, content management, and other functions.
- High scalability: Multi-tenant architecture provides enterprise applications of different scales.
- Backend architecture: modular and plug-and-play, enabling modular expansion to improve system flexibility.
- Frontend architecture: designed with microservices, which can separate different functional modules into independent microservices to improve system scalability and maintainability.
- Support for data source and visualization element extension solutions.


### Cool visualization

Datafor provides a wide variety of visualization charts and elements, and supports personalized settings, allowing users to freely design report, dashboard, and big screen display visualization pages according to their needs and preferences.

- Chart components: table, pivot table, line chart, bar chart, pie chart, area chart, scatter chart, etc.
- Map components: SVG map, shaded map, marked map, heat map, etc.
- Filter components: dropdown box, list, date, input box, button, etc.
- Auxiliary components: tab, image, line, text, icon, etc.


### Powerful analysis
Datafor has powerful multidimensional data analysis capabilities that can help users delve into the patterns and relationships behind data, discover potential business opportunities and problems, and support data-driven decision-making.

- Drill-down: By drilling down, more detailed relationships and patterns can be discovered.
- Drill-through: Drill-through can support users in switching between different dimensions to better understand the relationships and trends between data.
- Filtering: Based on multiple dimensions, users can filter data by selecting different fields and conditions, quickly selecting data that meets the conditions.
- Comparison: Comparison of length, size, and area.
- Trend: Through trend analysis, changes can be understood.
- Association: Discover associations or correlations that exist in large datasets.
- Sorting: Turning "unordered" into "ordered".
- Calculation: Create new calculation indicators and calculation members.
- Aggregation: Including accumulation, average, counting, minimum, maximum, and other statistics.
- Geographic: Use visual elements such as maps to show the spatial relationships and trends between data.

### Seamless Embedded
Datafor has seamless embedded analytics capabilities, which means it can be seamlessly integrated into other applications and become a part of those applications to enable real-time data visualization and analysis.

- Embedded Reports and Dashboards: Data visualization and analysis pages can be directly embedded into other applications to enable data monitoring and analysis.
- API Interfaces: Other applications can call Datafor's data visualization and analysis functions through API interfaces.
- Single Sign-On: Datafor supports various single sign-on standards such as SAML, OAuth, etc., and can seamlessly integrate with the enterprise's existing identity authentication and authorization systems. This means that enterprise users can access Datafor using their authorized identities without having to enter their usernames and passwords again.

### Fine-grained Security Control

Datafor's security control features are very comprehensive and detailed, which can meet various data management and security needs for businesses. This kind of access control can help businesses protect sensitive data, prevent data leakage and abuse, while improving management efficiency and reducing management costs.

- User and role management: Access rights can be controlled by creating users and roles and assigning different permissions and roles.
- Data access control: Users or roles can access which data sets and data fields to ensure data security and confidentiality.
- Report access control: Users or roles can access which reports, analytics, and visualization tools, as well as which operations can be performed, such as view, edit, delete, etc.
- Folder and directory access control: Users or roles can access which folders and directories and perform which operations, such as create, modify, delete, etc.
- System settings access control: Controls which system settings and management functions users or user groups can access, such as user management, role management, data source management, etc.
- Audit and monitoring access control: Users or roles can access which audit and monitoring functions, such as accessing logs, error logs, performance monitoring, etc., to discover and resolve issues in a timely manner.
- Extended application access control: Controls which extended applications and plugins users or user groups can access, such as data lineage analysis, public parameters, data dictionary tools, etc.

