---
id: cpjj-cpjs
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Introduction

## overview

Datafor visualization and analysis launched by Shanghai datafor Company. DATAFOR provides rich data visualization elements, powerful personalized settings, and simple interaction design to help users conduct exploratory multidimensional analysis of data, create beautiful data analysis reports and data visualization interfaces, and share data value.

## Application Scenario

- Self-service daily data analysis
- Reports, dashboards, digital reports
- Digital large screen display
- Real-time data monitoring
- Dashboard adapted to mobile phone layout
- Embedded analytics and visualization

## Features

### Advanced architecture
Datafor adopts advanced technical architecture and complete functional modules:
- Integrity: It has functions such as central resource library, audit component, query engine, encrypted pipeline, and content management.
- High scalability: multi-tenant architecture, providing enterprise applications of different scales.
- Open architecture: lightweight, modular, pluggable.
- Support for data source and visualization element expansion scheme


### Cool visual elements

Datafor provides rich chart components (100+ types: tables, line charts, histograms, pie charts, area charts, GIS maps, scatter plots, etc.) Input box, complex logic, etc.), fully meet the complex data visualization needs.

- Chart component
- map component
- filter components
- Auxiliary components


### Powerful self-service analysis capabilities
Datafor provides self-service exploratory analysis capabilities, and non-technical personnel can easily build analysis models and analyze data.

- Drilling: Change the hierarchy of dimensions and change the granularity of analysis.
- Filtering: component level, page level, filtering methods include: list selection, range, wildcard comparison, relative comparison, etc.
- Contrast: comparison of length, size, area.
- Trends: Understand changes through trend analysis.
- Associations: Discover associations or correlations that exist in large datasets.
- Sorting: Adjust "unordered" to "ordered".
- Calculations: Create new calculated metrics and calculated members.
- Summary: Including cumulative, average, count, minimum, maximum and other statistics.

### Seamless Embedded Analytics
Datafor Embedded Analysis empowers users and partners to obtain data on demand, design reports independently, and visualize data independently, providing the insights needed in the workflow. Enterprises can also embed data analysis in all business systems to closely integrate business and data analysis to improve internal operational efficiency.

- sign in
- Adaptive layout
- Parameter passing

### Complete authority control

Enterprise data analysis reports usually require permission control, and the data that he can see is determined according to the report user's role. Datafor provides a complete and flexible permission control system. From data connection, analysis model, analysis report to each column and row of data in the data table, unified fine-grained authority control is carried out to ensure the security of enterprise data assets.

- Data source permissions
- Analytical Model Permissions
- file permission
- Data row and column permissions

